Hey, sir, good evening.
Yeah, hi Colin, good morning.
All right, and after a very long, long day of work yesterday, there's finally at least everything done in terms of the biggest part of this, which was the mapping of everything.
The.
Yeah.
It was like, it was worth it, like after seeing the result, I'm like, yeah, it was totally worth it to go for like the whole repo instead of just the POC.
I, I...
Well, I think we got, I'll share with you in a moment the doc that, and maybe I'll just share it now. I'm going to give you the raw one. I didn't even get a chance to review this yet. This happened when I was sleeping, so probably it's not going to be great.
Mhm.
But...
Hmm.
I want to.
I'll at least share this with you. I can't stand when Claude puts things in parentheses, like in titles of things.
Mhm.
Like, it's so obnoxious. Like, it's my one thing with Claude, it's like ChatGPT in that way. ChatGPT is like emojis everywhere and Claude's like, let's put parentheses like it's like a medium article.
Yeah.
Um...
So I just sent you on WebEx the premade document that I'm going to share with them.
Okay.
But.
And so what I did here is...
Basically, I'm trying to, because we got their responses back, and yes, some of them are blockers, but some of them are interconnected. And I think the Akhil person, he's smart. Definitely like not someone who's like working against us in any way, but definitely someone who you can tell is a fairly seasoned manager. He was like, oh, just use the payloads, harvest them, and I'm like, ah.
Negi.
Yeah, but catch-22, I need the virtual machine before I can do that, man.
Yeah.
Um...
Oh.
And so the good thing is that I was able to get this running on my local. So.
I was able to get EMS running. Now the thing is that it's completely empty, so there's no real way to verify things. On my end, I'll be honest with you, I'm not actually worried at all about the payloads, because if we know the database tables and things, then I can spoof data.
Mm-hmm.
Mhm.
The data itself doesn't actually matter at all.
Yep, yep.
I mean, it's I'm just asking that really to to see if we can get another day or two out of this, to be honest, um, but you know, like...
Yeah.
Yeah, like it's like the more system they open up for us, the harder it is for anyone else to get this thing.
Correct, correct. And I'm like, I'm going to make us as sticky as we can.
Yep.
And it's a it's a good thing, strategic for that.
Let me do one thing.
So you were able to get cloud resolved?
Yep, yep.
Okay, good. I ran out of usage on my Macs on two different Macs accounts yesterday.
So I was doing exactly what Anthropic doesn't like. I almost got to the point where I connected in AI Foundry to it, because that's an interesting new thing that you can do with Cloud Code. And I was like...
Yeah.
Yep, I saw that option on like the login, then I was logging in the third option, like the third party when using via AI Foundry or AWS Pedro.
I was considering genuinely because I don't know how I feel about 4.7. I like it, but it takes too darn long to do anything. Like this thinking thing is a, I hate it. Like that's why I just like Gemini right now because it just takes so long to get simple answers because it has to think about everything for 20 minutes.
Mhm.
Yeah.
If...
Mmh.
Yep, and like I was also seeing that for Codex, they have you tried the Codex app which you installed?
And.
Honestly, no. But I will. I need to.
I did not even like install the app, but it just popped up, popped on my screen like when I was browsing through. And it is like very good for the whole computer user and browser user and everything else. It's kind of like an, what do you call it, agent on the desktop.
for Mac, the Codex app itself. So it's much more than just like for coding. So I was thinking of like trying that, yes, because we have subscription many years.
I see, yeah, absolutely, absolutely.
Hate that.
Yeah.
And yeah, I'll say even for you, you know, even just on the side of BayOne, I know obviously it's been quite busy these days, but at the same time, I'm at the point where if you want to have, you know, BayOne accounts that are paid for for yourself for OpenAI, for, you know, Gemini, and not just access to Vertex AI.
Mhm.
But just to have those accounts that you can do your own evals, that's fine by me. You know, I'm happy to do that for you. I tried to tell you a guess yesterday. I don't know, did you see or did I tell you yesterday about my findings about what they prior tried on this?
Nope.
So there was an artifact on that Confluence page that said there was some prior, it was titled as EPNM to EMS conversion. It was done approximately 8 months ago.
Okay.
So I ended up doing a deep dive into that and I found that 16 people that are in the US in California tried to do exactly this project for eight months.
Mhm.
Yeah.
and didn't really do anything.
He.
It looked like they just didn't even know where to start.
Okay, yeah.
So I looked into it and I was like, oh my God, that's kind of hilarious. You know, that tells a different story. This isn't just a random problem. They actually knew about this and they didn't have the ability to act on it.
Yeah.
Yep, yep, and they tried and when you said those words, now I'm like, yeah, I've heard them before. Like they said the exact thing, like they don't know where to start. So someone tried and they were like, after eight months, bro, good luck.
Saurav.
Yeah.
The
Yeah, pretty much.
Let me do this. So for them, now we can choose to do this and...
Mm.
Let me see one thing. I'm just going to respond to something on my...
on the messages right now, because on WebEx I can see that they're pinging us for when we want to meet. I think that actually can help, because that'll unblock. Right now we are effectively blocked for, you know, being able to run this because we're missing two of the artifacts.
Ohh.
Yep.
Mhm.
So let me pull this up. Let's talk through this. I'm going to fix up this slide kind of real time.
And then we can respond to them. And basically, I just don't want it to be, you know, 2 in the morning for you and say, hey, Saurav, I'm going to have a call with the guys that can tell us how to do all this stuff. And, you know, you're going to hear it secondhand from me. I'd love for you to be on that too, so you can at least get it firsthand from them and ask any questions that you might have.
He.
Be.
Abin.
Yep, OK.
So let me share my screen. Let's go through this doc, and I'm going to polish it up a bit, but in any case, we can go through it.
So this is the doc, so...
Pre-meeting brief. Um, every document here is on CW inventory on conversion branch on this repo.
Mhm.
So they can go to the full detail whenever they click on it.
And.
So I'm going to get rid of these parentheses, don't worry.
Mhm.
But for this...
Mount Tarball has this to ask converge on this bootstrap artifacts from from this one. I think though the Tarball content, that was what they were calling out in their messages to us.
Okay.
that they have. So let's double check here. Let me see. Can I stop sharing this, the window, I'll start sharing the screen.
It.
Ah, Neha is coming in, that's great.
That's why I love our team. Nehans are amazing. They literally are like, like they're so humble. Neha, you know, don't get it twisted with her. She's a VP level person if they want, and yet she's sitting here just offering to jump in and help. I really.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
I I saw the like org chat and like.
Yeah. She just, she's one of those people that just helps where she can help. I taught her how to use Claude code. She's completely a business person. She's picked up on it. She's like crushing it right now. And her boss was like yelling at me because she's outperforming her whole team right now. Like because she's got automated flows now that she's building. I'm not even giving her instructions. I just told her how to use the tool.
He.
Mhm.
It.
Oh.
Yeah.
told her how to build skills and now she's off to the races. So really cool person just overall.
So for this one, this question, for one and two, you're correct, mounted path is not part of the docker image will be auto-created.
And they said this.
So this is where I want to double check.
Yeah.
For Claude, if Claude knew about this, because I want to understand that we're not asking for the same thing twice.
You are these answers.
Okay.
So let's come back to this one. I'm going to have Claude do this homework for me because I don't want to spend our time on it.
Yep, yeah.
Browser capture approach, this one's completely fine. This one I'm going to remove this junk about concerns about capturing real network traces. This is so stupid for a POC.
Yeah.
Like they will be, they can even be like, yeah, I don't capture them, but that's like extra work on our part.
But...
Well, I mean, that's way out of scope for a POC if they would say that. That's why, like, even I called that out in the document for, you know, what is and what is not in scope for this, because I was like, you know, they gave two of the most interdependent screens possible. And I was like, yeah, I'm not doing 300 screens because.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Uh-huh.
of this, you know, like not happening.
He.
But...
I think this preferred capture target, that's implicit.
Whenever we say VM, they're going to know what we mean by VM. So I'll have to correct that.
Mhm.
Um...
Okay, one second here and maybe I'm just updating on the document so we can get this sent out as quickly.
Sure.
So, Flat says, uh, Sentil Kumar's message is effectively the answer to my section 1 item.
This one?
Yep.
Card asked smallest unit, his answer gives it.
Let's do that.
I'm like, I know, like, yeah, I was like, I know why, like, people are so afraid of, like, when everything will be kind of automated, just like the flow of information is so fast, like.
How does VS Code have so many?
We may not even be able to, like, read the sentence, and they are like, yeah, we have read 40 articles and interconnected them, like, judge.
Yeah.
I had this conversation with Yogesh and I was like, you guys, I had this yesterday with him. Oh, and maybe.
Maybe let me tell you that.
Alright, let me do one thing real quick, Saurav.
Mhm.
So I was going to call you about this anyway, and of course my brain that is a little bit sleep prepared this week forgot to talk to you about it until now. But I got this yesterday evening, so bear with me. And this morning I was going to set up a meeting with you anyway. So I just wanted to...
I'll tell you this first.
Okay.
So.
I have finally some good news for you.
Ohh, one second, let me put on a shirt.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah, take your time. And don't worry, I'm going to go off camera as soon as I'm done. I just wanted you to see me for this one.
Yep, yep.
I assure you to get your.
Yeah, no.
Yeah, alright. Well, good to see you. We never get to see each other, so it's good.
Yeah.
All right, so here's my news. So effective as of April 1st, and this will be retroactively done, your title is changing to Lead AIML Engineer.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Oh.
And I was able to get for you a 50% pay raise.
Ohh, that's very good.
So they were telling me, Colin, that's, they say, Colin, that's too much. And I was like, you have no idea what too much is because I don't have a number that's too much. So for you, I just want you to know that, you know, I don't do that. I'd clawed my way through this for you. That's not the end of it either. That's not.
Thanks, thanks for it, yeah.
Okay.
Thanks, thanks.
That's not the end of it. So in July, and I'm not saying that it will happen in July, but starting in July, I also made you eligible for a reappraisal.
Ohh.
Mhm.
Oh.
So you'll probably be getting a further increase later on in the year as well.
Ohh, that I explain.
Yes.
Hopefully, I know how much you've done.
Okay, I know you want me, like, from this I know you want me, I think.
I'm going to do what I need to do. And you know, that's I want you to know too, that's coming from me, not from you. So, you know, it's one thing if someone comes and says, you know, hey, hey, I'm unhappy. You know, I don't want to, you know, do X&Y&Z. You've never done that. So you've never done that. You know, that means a lot to me.
Yeah.
Here.
So, I, you know, we've we've been through a lot together at this point, right? I mean, you know, and our our relationship is, yeah.
Three.
Yeah, yeah, it has been like a great journey till now. Like, it's not even been a year, and I'm like, I know Colin from so long. Seriously.
Yes.
Yes, well, and we get to talk like this, too. You know, that's rare. Not a lot of people get to do that, and I don't do that myself. I mean, you can even see that on our calls with the team. Sometimes I'm a little less formal than most people that are in my shoes, but at the same time, it's different whenever you can really, you know, trust someone to do great work and, you know, having done it that consistently.
Yeah.
Okay.
So I want you to know, I told them, I was like, there's no reason why we should be keeping him there. If I could have doubled, I would have doubled.
Yeah.
Mhm.
HR's eyes popped out of their head whenever I said that and I was like, I'm not, I'm not stopping until this is there. So I think that takes you from, what is that? I think that takes you up to 21 lock, something like that. And it might be more than that, but I want to see.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Okay, yep, yep.
You'll get your formal letter and notification in Kika on Monday. So, but I wanted you to hear it from me first. I'll give you a formal letter, you know, acknowledging, congratulating you too. But I just wanted you to know it's...
Mhm.
Okay, now.
Yeah, yeah, sure, really appreciate it, like, yeah.
It's great, yeah.
So, good surprise, that's not EPN EPN EM, yeah.
It.
Yeah, it's, I'm like, too many good news are coming like right now. Kind of good, but also I feel like that kind of like responsibility as well. Plus I am like, whenever a lot of good things are happening, like you should be more careful, like.
Okay.
It's okay, it's okay. And I'll put it this way. Don't, so this is different. This is something I shouldn't say, but you know me, I don't really have a filter now these days. I mean, you know, just wait until I'm an old man. I don't even know how I'm going to be. It's going to be so bad by then. You know, the difference with this one is, is I can't even say that this is really a...
It.
Mm.
Yeah.
Good.
Right.
even a raise, because this is me making it right, I would say. You know, even, you know, I said backdate to April, because you know what, for me, I'm looking at Sephora, I'm looking at this with Cisco, and I'm saying, guess who I got to count on for this? You know, guess who I got to say, you know, let's go and do something really crazy.
Mhm.
Okay.
Yeah.
Mhm.
And I'll tell you a little bit about what happened with Sephora. You know, you'll love this. With Sephora, do you know who our competition was for that?
Of.
Mhm.
You?
Databricks.
Right.
Hello.
actual full-scale data bricks. And we made it to round two out of three, and we're still not out of the running with them.
Wow.
Ohh, that's that's great, yeah.
So...
You know, just for a moment, like we're competing with, you know, a company that's got like $6 billion revenue, you know, that has like literally 10s of thousands of people doing this stuff. Two weeks, you're able to.
Yeah.
Yep, yep.
And like just just being honest on this, we were just two people and I can be sure that Databricks got like kind of a whole team, at least five or six people. So yeah, we won on at least that.
Well, do you know, do you know what had to, so again, and I don't want to say it like we're out or like what we've done isn't wasted. What Databricks sold them, the thing that was the tipping point is Databricks offered to pay for the entire transition. So rather than getting paid for it, Databricks was losing it and they said, no, no, no, no, no.
Mhm.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yep, yep.
We'll pay you to let us do this for you.
Okay.
And I was like, okay, yeah, fine. I mean.
Yeah, you're in, guys.
But they still didn't win.
Money, money.
They still didn't even win. So their VP, their VPs at Sephora, the current status for that, what we did really, truly impressed them. They are making data bricks give a POC to compare to our POC. They're not even just saying, yes, your data bricks, let's do it. So, you know, that's really cool.
Yeah, OK, yeah.
Mhm.
Okay.
OK.
Mmh.
Yeah, yeah.
And that speaks to how that went, speaks to the quality, you know, so...
Mhm.
We're we're in good shape there, and they they.
That's great to know. Yeah, I'm happy I put a little bit of effort on the front end part, right? Yeah. At the end of the day, like for VP level or executive level people, what they see is what matters. They might not even care what's on the back end.
The the.
Yes.
But if they do care, they will be blown away, right?
Yes, yes.
So, and for them, they already asked us, they said, you know, can you guys do a workshop for the team? You know, no matter what, you know, Databricks is different because they're a platform company. They like to masquerade like they're technologists, but they're not. You know, they're salespeople for a platform. So they said, you know, we asked them questions that.
Mhm.
Yeah, yeah.
you were able to answer that they're not, you know, and you know, you were thinking of things that they haven't thought of in theirs. And they're kind of taking notes during their presentation to say, oh yeah, we should add that in. So they were like, you know, you guys, at a bare minimum, we want you for other projects at Sephora, we want you to remain on. They signed us up as a niche vendor, which is really, really good.
Mhm.
See.
Yeah.
Mhm.
That means we're a long-term, full-time partner for Sephora. Databricks sent us an email too that said, hey guys, if you guys pay us, you know, $100,000 a year, we'll let you be a partner. And I was like, I don't need you. No, thanks. No, well, give us give us a year. Let us let us build a team.
Yeah, yeah.
You.
Mhm.
Ohh.
Yeah, yes. First, let us build a team and get some more cash.
You know, let us find five people.
And once we do that, we'll give you a run for your money. So keep in, you know, looking over your shoulder, Databricks. We're coming. So anyway, I just wanted to tell you the good news. So that's locked in. It's in the system. I saw it myself. I didn't want to say anything to you until that was formally done. So I just want you to have that confidence. Pay will be backdated. So your next pay cycle, you should have a...
It.
Yeah.
Yes.
Yeah, yeah.
Mhm.
You?
you know, whatever the delta is carried forward plus the new amount for the biweekly.
Okay, everything. Good. That's great. Yeah.
So, congratulations. Yeah.
I'm happy, all basically.
Ah.
Awesome. Alright, well, I'll turn my camera off, but we can we can get back to it. I just wanted you to know that, and I'll send you the letter later on today.
Boom.
Sharma.
Yeah.
All right.
Hey.
If it makes you feel any better, I was sitting here in a t-shirt, so...
Yeah.
I had to do that too.
I would think we generally don't switch on the camera, so I was pretty comfortable like working because it's summer and I kind of don't like AC, so I'm like just sitting here with Pam.
Yeah, oh no, makes sense, makes sense.
Thanks.
Okay.
Let me see this.
Okay, so back to this, so I'm going to fix these two.
or the preferred.
All right, so these two are going to get fixed. I'm going to effectively remove the parentheses stuff. I'm going to mark this one as resolved because it is.
Mhm.
Yeah.
I'm going to take away the bottom two points on this.
Mhm.
And then realistically, I would think two and three should be collapsed into one.
Yep, yep.
And I'll double check this because I want to make sure that this is, because the only difference is this one could be just for EPNM and this one could be for EMS.
Mhm.
Okay, yep, I think that's there because that's browser capture. I think this will be like for whenever we are validating the playwright MCP and those things integration.
So maybe this is for that.
Okay, let me see.
I'll sit.
That's why, that's why maybe it's like, should we capture P.I. and all for on validation and that?
Um...
They can.
Distinct.
It is clear they are two separate asks.
Right here, if you see inside this box also now, it has written like, ask number four is practically unblocked only when ask three or equivalent access is granted. Like all we need is a VM. So yeah.
Yeah.
So, it's kind of like different, but similar also.
Let me, yeah, absolutely agree.
Let me open this.
Absolutely agree.
But adding color commentary that adds no value.
Yeah.
Okay.
All right, so these ones all I have fixed.
Um...
Two bullet points are just not needed.
Go and grab those.
So, yeah, neither of those two lines.
For this one, it's just the phrasing is just overly verbose for no reason at all.
Plain text credit, as always.
Mhm.
Alright, so get that.
And then the next set are the ones that you might not have seen yet. These are the ones for Cisco review.
Mhm.
So there's the feature gaps effectively. And what I want to do for each of these is I want to deep dive to see if these are gaps in general overall. I basically am going to pair this list down to only those that are specifically relevant to inventory and fault management.
Okay.
Now, the thing is that some of them are global in scope. Like for instance, this EPN, EPN, EPNM, geez.
See.
has this thing for bookmarking. The thing is that spans across all pages.
Yep.
So technically we are in scope, but we would have to change a parent service for that to occur.
Mmh.
So I think this one probably is out of scope, but we'll confirm.
Mhm.
in the database, but for EMS, there's three distinctly different services.
For no reason.
Hello.
He.
It looks like they were just trying stuff out and then like never actually cleaned it up.
Mhm.
So there is no backwards compatibility. The reason why I'm raising this one overall, and again, I think it's out of scope for today, is because if they want something seamless for their customers, they completely broke it with this.
So, and the same is true for bulk. So like pretty much half the things they changed, I don't think have anything to do with the UI itself. I think they're actually misunderstanding their own customers. That's why I wrote a whole document on exactly that, to say, hey, from a customer angle, here's why I'm ******.
It.
Yeah.
Like, I used to be, like, you guys don't get it. Like, I'm working with a dashboard of typically, you know, upwards of, you know, 250 devices, and now I have to do them one at a time.
Three.
And that's not just me being that the UI is different. That's A fundamental gap in feature.
Yep, yep.
Okay.
Indite.
Mhm.
Could there be like a good reason for them to remove it? Or it's like they just commented that out and forgot.
I would honestly say no, because what it looks like to me is they try to do this manually.
He.
Good.
Mhm.
And.
Um...
One second.
Negi.
The approach is can.
He just warned in a position to make the multi-billion dollar investment.
Yeah.
So yep, so then this next one, this does affect us, but it is more of a global thing. In their application overall, there's three different patterns for how tables are used and displayed on the UI.
Mhm.
Um...
It.
This is, looks like there's artifacts from EPNM. So server-side preference store is the EPNM pattern.
Okay.
Then there's a new one for, you know, web browser session storage.
Mhm.
One that's a completely different module itself.
And then there's some that just don't have anything.
Custom.
Good.
And so I just said match the.
option C, and that's what is option C. So, okay, let me do this.
It customers, right?
She insist.
K.
No.
Action B.
Engine.
Okay.
So this one, I'll fix it so it doesn't call it option C because we're saying option C and then not even explaining what that is.
See.
And basically what we're saying is here is we have to go with what the back end for EMS says, because the goal is not for us to fix their junk. The goal is for us to put the UI on the new back end. So the new back end is already there. The features are there. We can clean it up for them as part of a different scope of work. But that is.
People.
beyond the scope of a POC.
Okay, so we are going with the one which is already present in the EMS.
Yeah, for this.
Yes, and knowing full well that that is improper because it's, you know, introducing 4 design patterns for frankly an incredibly simple thing. So we'll go with whatever they have as the back end for this column preferences persistence.
Correct.
Mhm.
Okay.
And even though that is wrong from an architecture and developer standpoint, fixing it is beyond our scope. Because the thing is for them, I would then have to audit how it works on every other screen before I can sunset the full table. So this is one that I'm going to call out to them for fixes that will need to be done.
but not something that, for instance, I want to do just yet.
Mhm.
So those are two blockers and those would and those ones honestly I'm going to probably just state as resolved because this I don't know why these are marked as blocking.
Um...
So a few things, these are the gaps that we noticed, and these are ones that again, we'll want to confirm if they are or are not in scope for, you know, the inventory screen and the fault management screen specifically.
Mmh.
One I believe is its device right action scopes. This backend is completely missing on EMS. EMS is read-only.
Okay.
And yet on EPNM, they had options to add, edit, delete, sync. The reason why I'm saying that these are out of scope for right now is because those each have their own screens, which themselves have subscreens of subscreens.
Mhm.
Yep, and do they have it like on the back end or is the back end also not there? So, it's just feature edition that that's totally out of scope, like...
So, I, I can...
No.
Completely missing.
Yes, and from my estimates, this is about 5,000 lines of code if you were to replicate it on from EPNM. We could certainly do it in a better way than that, I'm sure, but this is by no means just a simple thing. They don't even have this in EMS.
Mhm.
Yeah.
Okay.
And if they do, it's going to be a different screen. So if that's the case, then I'm like, you know, you asked for screens. I'm not going to do your, you know, 30 layers of sub-screens.
Mmh.
Yeah.
So chassis view scope, EPNM has a chassis view. That is the view of the network device itself. So if you think of that recording that we had whenever they were showing like that, like a network switch on screen as a picture.
Mhm.
The thing is that that was the data that was being pulled from Oracle on EPNM.
And Oracle has some things built into it for like inventory and device management. Oracle is a really nice system for that, frankly. It's very slow, but it's actually pretty nice. It's like a giant, you know, BLOB storage effectively, but masquerading is a database.
OK.
Mhm.
So I said, you know what, I'm not going to be able to do this for you because this, I don't have time to get pictures of your devices on a thing. Like, that's way beyond our scope.
Okay.
Mmh.
What I can do though is I can port some just one or two over.
from EPNM exactly as they are.
And just use that as like placeholder stuff for the sake of display.
Mhm.
The question here is, you know,
Why?
Why didn't you do that and is that intentional?
I'm going to take away.
Pretty much every question except for why is this intentional? Because these are hallucination. Asset licensing for SVGs, that's so stupid. Preferred family, you don't get to pick because you haven't given me any. And the path for the remaining, I'm not worried about post POC for a POC. I'm worried about the POC. So for Claude, stupid.
Two.
Yep.
Mhm.
Um...
Yep.
So we'll get this one cleared.
I think it might have been like at the end of its context.
Yeah, yeah, you can tell. It's like basically saying he's sleepy today.
It.
Yeah.
The.
The next one for confirmation from them, software download sub actions in the allow list. They allow these actions that are gated by this.
This one I'm probably going to need more contacts myself on before I can ask, which means that they will too.
Mhm.
Yeah.
in the writing here.
You, you.
So it says bundles all sticks out of scope items along with device right actions. I think if I'm not mistaken, they have.
some hard-coded lines in EPNM that do not exist in EMS, and there's no way to do those functions in EMS. And they are, basically what I'm trying to get at for them is you guys did what you're absolutely positively not supposed to do, and you hard-coded model names in the code instead of making them in a database that you already have set up.
Mhm.
So this I believe is for the drop-down.
Okay.
Okay, okay.
So they have it hard-coded in EPNM. On EMS, there's nothing there. But if it is on EPNM, it's hard-coded. It's not being pulled from a database.
Mhm.
So this one, we'll rephrase this so it's more clear, and that way we don't have to waste our time.
Yeah, it's like small task, but it's like it's out of POC for us, like for us it's a small task for them, it's like a big deal, that's why they did not do it right.
Um...
Right.
This one's explicitly out of scope entirely. Basically, they, as a big company like this, they will have accessibility requirements, like for like font size, things like that, et cetera.
Mhm.
There's.
a ton of things that have basically EPNM, this makes sense that there's a bunch of workarounds because that accessibility law came out, you know, not that long ago in the past. So probably they had to bootstrap that whenever the rules came down.
Mhm.
Okay.
for accessibility.
on EMS that explicitly does not exist at all. But we're going to basically make a best effort to follow a known standard for any UI design. For us, that literally means like if there's a picture, put a hint on the picture and make sure that font size doesn't go below 10. Make sure that you're not trying to put.
Mhm.
gray text on a white background, things like that.
Yep, yep.
But I'm going to mark this as out of scope. We're not even going to consider it for POC.
Yeah, is it like there is really someone using like screen readers for using it? I don't think they should be on that job.
It won't.
I'm with you, but that's one of the things for software that they usually require. And usually it's actually coming from client-side HR. Basically, it's a cover there, but in case they do onboard someone and the guy says, I can't perform my basic job duties because of this, well, they can't fire that guy if so, because they would be violating an accessibility law.
Okay.
Mhm.
So as much as it seems like it's like meant to protect the person, it's actually meant to protect the company so that they can't be held accountable, so that they can actually fire a guy if he says, like, imagine if like you said to me, like, Colin, well, you know, your screen's hard for me to read, so therefore I can't do my job and you can't fire me because I have a known disability.
Well, this accessibility thing is them being able to say, well, hey, well, we have met the guidelines, and if you still can't anyway, then we can get rid of you safely.
Mhm.
Okay, yeah.
No one will ever describe it to you that way. I'm very callous with this because I do things for like a medical nonprofit. So, you know, like I'm on the board of this nonprofit for some gastrointestinal things. And this is something we had to do for the website. And once I found all this out from the lawyer, I was like, oh my God, it's awful.
He.
Okay.
Mhm.
Um, but anyway...
No.
It's like, for whatever rule there are, there are loopholes in the rule, and if there are loopholes, someone will find it and exploit it, like, yes, sure.
Right, right.
Now, this one on wireless is interesting. Wireless is a huge part of the project, but it doesn't really make sense because there's things that are specific to wireless that go into wireless screens that are missing backend features, but are inherently not part of the front end for inventory or fault management.
Mhm.
It's like they're secondary things that are impacted by it and should get updated by it. For me, this is out of scope for a POC. I'm like, I'm not going to fix all of the related screens other than the ones that we agreed to. If you want that, then we have to increase the scope of the POC, increase the money, increase the time.
Thank you.
Mhm.
but you don't get to just say, hey, do 2 screens, and then you say, oh, well, downstream screens count as well.
Yeah, and you gave us like most visited and most connected screen. So basically telling us, yeah, you have two weeks, go do the whole app like that.
Right, right.
Good.
Sure.
So, and then there's these.
So.
Um...
Ships.
There's these things that basically there's a feature parity gap between this for fault management. This one will be in scope. This one we will have to ask for clarification on. I'll just frame this a little bit more plainly.
Mhm.
The biggest thing is basically for EMS, there's no...
Logging for browser site actions.
Okay, okay.
So it's basically like, is that intentional? Is that not intentional? And the logs are used for more than just like, you know, diagnostics, they're actually used for devices too. So there is a missing feature in the EMS from that.
Yeah.
Yep, from what I remember, like we talked, this now is like the client side, correct, and...
Right.
Yeah, this is practically missing, yeah, cool, cool.
Yeah.
At this point of time, I'm like, yeah, everything is cool.
He.
I mean, they, if they would have done this from scratch, they would have been better off, frankly. I mean, like seriously, like they would be better off at this point to just rip the guts out of this and do it properly. You can tell it's someone's first time doing microservice. I'll say that.
Yeah.
But.
Um, but...
Yeah.
So this one, the last one to confirm, there's alarm action subset scope. They have a bunch of actions in APNM. There's 0 counterpart to these in EMS.
So alarm actions for the devices, if there's a problem, there's a bunch of things that can happen. The thing is that it's a long trickle effect, because for these actions, they each have like sub-sub features. None of that exists in the MS.
Okay.
Mhm.
We can ship to classic view with the things that are matched only, because we don't know if they intentionally left these out or what.
Okay, yeah.
And, you know, there's a different functionality to it too. Like for instance, this clear all of semantic mismatch on the function. EPNM clears it by the condition type. EMS clears it by the device category type, which are completely different.
Mhm.
Most likely this EMS is the logical sensible one. Like if you want to say clear all things that are stuck, you want to do it by category, not by just clear everything in general that's stuck.
No, no.
you know, like prod versus dev, you know, it would clear everything on both with the EPNM style.
Super.
Yep, and even I think on the front end point of view, like from a UI perspective, when I'm clearing it, I will think like, yeah, I'm seeing just these, so I am probably clearing these. It's like everything beside these is also gone on the back end.
Yeah.
You.
Right.
Right. Now, the other thing here that made me irritated was I saw something where Claude decided to put in parentheses agent verified. I'm trying to figure out where that was. Yeah, right here. That's syslog browser out of scope. Yeah. We're going to have to audit for that, so I'll take care of that.
I.
He drinks very great.
Um...
Mhm.
Okay, very last one here is they're using an illegal image for their Docker.
Okay.
Bitnami used to provide a Kafka image from Apache Kafka. It is no longer free and open source.
Mhm.
Okay.
Their Docker image that's provided uses the old one, which is now behind a paywall. And it's not, they're not using the link to the new paywall version. So most likely this team's been working for a while. They already have the image locally on their machine.
Yeah.
Big problem here is that this one is no longer under security support.
Okay.
So no more bug fixes, no more issues, no more anything. And also, you have to pay for it now if you're using it commercially. So that license has expired and they've pulled the images. So if they're choosing to still use the free images because they have them, that's not legal to do.
Mmh.
Now, I'm not going to call it illegal to them. That's kind of for themselves to understand. But I'm going to phrase this. I just used something I had from my old company where we had to do this identical thing. But Nami let everyone know like over two years ago that this was happening. So we moved off at that point and we moved to just a native upstream branch of Kafka.
from just straight from Apache Software Foundation. There's two others that are supported. So StrimZ is from IBM. It's maintained and done by IBM and has some hardening to it. Confluent does one, but it's paid. So StrimZ is good if you like Red Hat and Red Hat and IBM.
Mhm.
Okay.
But Confluence is good if you prefer something that's very similar to Bitnami but is also paid. It's just a little bit cheaper.
OK, yeah.
So we're just giving them this, saying, hey, we've had this tube. It's fine. But I'm not going to call it illegal. I'm going to let them come to that logical conclusion. It's not my liability anyway. I'm just going to frame it, flag it as, you know, hey, this isn't proper. Here's how we did it. You guys can choose what you want to do.
Hmm.
Okay.
Yeah, yeah.
Actually.
All right.
So...
This last part, the suggested meeting flow, I want to remove that. Links to every reference document.
These ones, I'll figure out how we can do this better, because otherwise these just look like they're going to markdown docs and they should just be proper hyperlinks, not document names.
Mhm.
The.
And then, yeah.
Big, big.
Looks good.
So let me do this, because I want to take our transcript from this call. I'm going to use that for Claude to fix the docs.
Mhm.
Let me do that and then come back. I want to talk to Neha and see if we can get things scheduled in a time that's going to work for you. I'm not going to ask you to stay on if it's, you know, super late for you, but at least I'll get that meeting recorded at a bare minimum.
Yep.
But...
Mhm.
For your side, I think there's two things. Number one, what you said on your chat. Absolutely, you can start development of the screens while we wait for data.
Mmh.
So just just like I did, you know, get that plan there so that I know where to pick off, pick up from you and vice versa. The other one that's going to be really helpful that you can probably do even faster is think about how we can do, you know, some think about the unit test part of it as well.
Mhm.
Yep, here we go.
Okay, okay.
Their unit tests are terrible. They have barely anything. They test specific features and like the, and I understand they were doing this manually, so we're spoiled now these days.
But they have like 4 unit tests for giant features with almost 0 code coverage.
Mhm.
So getting a pass on their unit test is going to be actually pretty straightforward. But for that, I'm thinking we can get kind of an inventory of what tests we need to run so we know where to look for them, because they're not stored in a normal location either.
Okay, okay.
And then we can also have something, so number one is to get the unit test. That is their source of truth. They call those sanity checks, they call them smoke tests, they call them unit tests. I mean, it all refers to the same for them. And we'll figure out which ones we can and cannot run and which ones have dependencies.
are things that need to be configured or set up, because usually that's the reason why unit tests fail when you're first getting into a project. You just don't have something that someone else has.
The.
Mhm.
So just like Talent AI, you know, you have to add the AI models management command set up before you can do unit tests on AI models. Same thing here.
Yep, yep.
And then once we get the virtual machine access, it's going to be a matter of figuring out what we want to do if we have time to do something with playwright, if that even is possible or makes sense, depending upon how the VM is.
Yep.
Mhm.
Mm-hmm.
Because if it's on a VM, then we're more than likely not going, unless the VM is pingable from our laptops, very unlikely that we're going to actually be able to do that. It depends upon if we're remoting into something where an instance is running, or if the instance itself is being hosted on the VM and is accessible over the VPN.
Mhm.
E?
So if it's hosted, then it'll work like it's a server. That'll be fine. We can use Playwright just fine. If not, then we're stuck. And we cannot use Playwright for automated agentic testing without having access to that machine.
Yep, yep.
So, yeah, aside from that, we'll see.
Sure.
And for them, it's like, what is exactly like the passing criteria? It should look and UI, UX is one thing. On the back end, they want like all the services from the current EMS back end to be wired in the new UI which we are building.
Mhm.
Correct, that's the gist of it, right? Yeah, cool.
Great.
Right. And just for that, just clarification. So basically they want their, and this is where it doesn't make sense even on the call, they said, you know, we want unit tests to pass. And I'm like, well, we're not changing what you already have. Of course they would pass.
Yeah.
Right, like, of course they would pass the verification step, they are just doing manually right now. It seems like they don't actually have a true QE practice, frankly, or if they do, it's like an of the old school one where you have 200 people trying the app and just putting notes on an Excel sheet.
Mhm.
So I think for them, like they asked for a unit test verification. I think on us, if we just say that, you know, we tested them, they ran it past, here's the report, even though that's logically unsound, makes sense. And I think the other thing is to make unit tests for anything new feature-wise in the backend that we write ourselves.
Okay.
But we don't have to retroactively go and make unit tests for stuff that already existed before us.
Mhm.
Okay.
From the UI side, realistically, we are going to be able to do our best judgment. But overall, you know, they really have to have an expert do that. I mean, even if you and I sit down for the whole weekend, there's always going to be some nuance to it.
Mhm.
So.
Especially if we don't have the seed data.
Yep.
And they have been like using it, so they know, like, where to look exactly.
So.
Right, right, absolutely.
Yeah.
So yeah, so let me jump for now. I'm going to try to get with them for yourself. When, put it this way, when is the latest that you want to meet with them? I know it's already late, but do you want to try to be on it? Do you want me to just go? I'm happy to do that. I just don't want you to miss out on being able to ask questions if you have them.
But I also don't want you to have to feel like you have to stay up until 3 in the morning.
in case the team's not available, because they're all in PST.
Mhm.
Okay, at the last it would be like, so I guess meeting would be like one hour or half an hour.
These guys are fairly fast. I'm going to guess that it would be usefully half an hour. It might go on for 45 minutes-ish, but I'm going to probably guess it'll be set for half hour.
Mhm.
Yep, I think like last I can come online like 11, 30, 12.
Please?
Okay, yep, sounds good. Sounds good. That's plenty of time, so I'll even say that in the chat too. Here's the availability window. Let us know. We can go. I'm going to send that after I finish these edits to the sheet, so I can share that with it and say, here's the primer for what we want to talk about in the meeting today.
Yep.
Mhm.
Um...
And then with this, you know, let's meet, you know, I can have, you know, both of us on if we meet before, you know, 1130, whatever 1130 IST is and PST. If not, I'll just join. Preferable if both of us can be there, but you know, it's fine if the team's busy. We'll hand it from there. Just ask that the meeting's recorded so we can.
Mhm.
shared across.
Yep.
Okay.
Good stuff, good stuff, so...
We're on track. I feel good. I'm glad that mapping got done. Mapping was way better than I thought it was. I mean, used a boatload of tokens, but it is what it is.
And I'm happy.
Yep, and I think you are using 4.7 for mapping. Yeah, so that's why you, because I read about 4.7 though, so they have changed like the tokenizer for it on the back end. So that's why it's understanding is also kind of better.
Yeah.
because it has like more context or more vocabulary inside its tokenizer. And that's why it's like taking more tokens as well. So yeah.
Mmh.
Makes sense, makes sense. It's good, but I think, for you know, for me, I'm like, it feels very slow, so I hope they, you know, can do something about that, because, like, the thing is, like, I, they didn't, they've taken away 4.6 as an option in VS Code.
Yeah.
Mm.
Mm-hmm. Okay.
So it's no longer even an option in Cloud Code VS Code. So like my thing, that's actually why yesterday I was looking at AI Foundry because I was like, can I just, like I can make this happen in like half the time because I had to yell at Cloud like 6 times. I actually put in a stop hook to say if you're thinking on a task without any actual progress for more than two minutes.
Cancel it.
Yeah.
And just ask me like you don't need to plan every action like and it would it took 1.23 minutes to do one single push.
Because it was deliberating, yes, no, yes, no, yes, no.
Wow.
And I, I didn't even see it, yeah.
So I think if you want like Opus, so Copilot has Opus.
If you want to use it in VS Code.
Right, right.
Yeah.
Lot to explore. I'm outdated right now, so I need to take some time, even just personal, to, you know, get in, get there again with Copilot, get there again with Codex. That's always the problem. You get too busy and you forget to explore.
Hmm.
Yeah?
Yeah, it's like after only joining in here after getting like Cisco system, then only like I've installed them and I am also still exploring. I'm like, they have some cool features, right? Yeah, I am at this point in time we have like.
Mmh.
Even not, I will say I, we are biased towards like lot 4, but yeah, I can always give it a try.
Right.
It's helpful.
It is helpful.
Yeah.
All right. Well, good. Congratulations again. So I'll ping with the new document in a moment. I just want to get that out to them as soon as I can so we can get a meeting set if there's time. Otherwise, we'll be in good shape. So I'm going to keep working on everything. Like I said before, you know, if there's anything that you know you have or haven't been able to do, don't.
Yes.
Mhm.
worry. This is all effectively on me. I know you'll help however you can, but definitely the couple of things, start thinking about unit tests. Any questions you have that aren't resolved, and I forget the first thing that I had asked, but that too, whenever it was.
Yep.
Yeah, we will look at the transcripts. That's fine. And yeah, for the like unit test, should I look at that perspective of just the POC for now or like the whole thing?
Um...
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
Good question. I think right now we can just focus POC. And if we have time and if like you feel like you have, you know, some idle time, then we can look at it at a broader scope and try to do a gap analysis for it.
Okay.
Mhm.
And you can see even from I think the gap analysis handoff kickoff documents are there. So you can see what I put the last time in the rules.
Yep, yep.
Mhm.
But that can be helpful too, because one thing that they're going to want to flag that I think I want to do as part of the engagement is saying, hey, we're going to get your head out from under the water, but also you guys need to like clean your house up. And we can help you do that way faster than you can.
Yeah.
Yep, it's like they started migrating and then they messed up and then everyone was angry and now they're like, damn, we don't know where to go from here.
So.
Exactly, exactly. One last thing real quick.
Me.
Yeah.
Mhm.
How did yesterday go? Just a very quick, like 2 minute thing. How did yesterday go with Srinivas? Is everything alright?
Oh, it was okay, I would say, like from the meeting point of view, just because I knew that there was so much to talk about and he did not cover like most part of it, even did not show all the features on the graph or.
He was not even to, I can say, do the statistical analysis which was shown or at least word them correctly. If you may put it that way, that what exactly are you seeing on the screen? He's like, yeah, here is the meeting and it just.
Gosh.
Letting Srinivas consider if it is useful or not. Then he was like, yeah, should I show you more? So Srinivas was like, OK, it's cool.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Then I'm like, opportunity missed and if at this point in time I open the dashboard and I'm like, no, see this, then he will be like, okay guys, I said okay. But he did say like to put this inside the CICD1 so that.
whatever they are, whenever we are scraping from the chats, the messages and all, admin level person can see these dashboards there. So they will, they basically want this to be integrated from whatever he said. Plus he at least scrolled and played the animation. So.
And Srinivas being Srinivas, I think he got the point, but from the perspective of presentation, not that good. Yeah.
Okay.
And I'll, so what I have to do today, my, you know, always a fun day for me. I have to formally take Nimita off project today.
So I'm going to try to do it the right way. Like, and Yogesh is like, oh, just pull it off now. And I'm like, you have to let the client know. You cannot do that in absence of the client because their first question is going to be, well, who's doing her work?
Yeah, and plus they were like at the forefront, correct? We are still sitting at our homes and you are meeting them sometimes, but for kind of like a face of David, Namita and Srikar are there.
Um...
Right, right. That's what I told you, guys. I was like, I will need to backfill her. So Santosh, he started today. Or he started yesterday, excuse me. He's good. I think you two will get along great. Very, very similar person. I don't know how he can stack up, but at least.
Yeah.
Mhm.
You know, one more person that is different than Namita Srikar. You know, frankly with them, I told Neha yesterday, I was like, they were kind of rushed as a decision because we needed to start and I was pressured to take them on because there wasn't a deep hiring pool at that time. So it is what it is, so I'll have to coach them.
Mm-hmm.
Especially in this presentation thing, I think for Srikar, he cannot present anymore. And I'm going to tell him that, and I'm going to tell him why. I'll say, you know, we can improve it, but my job does not include, I mean, I already spent two hours with him on presentations, and he just gets nervous. But at the same time, if you know what you're talking about,
Yeah.
you don't have a problem.
Yeah, it's like even if he just got to know what exactly that data is saying, he would be able to like present much better, right? He even had the time. That's why I'm like, no, he did not do a good job. Because if he at least tried, I will cover up for him, but.
Yeah.
Well, and I'm not going to say anything to him about that. I mean, because I don't want him to think that you said anything, but I'll handle that with him. I'm just going to say, how did it go? You know, give me the debrief for it. You know, what were you able to show Srinivas? Did you mention this? And say, you know, and then I can say, well, Srinivas told me, you know, we didn't get to cover this, you know.
No.
If.
Mhm.
Like did he go through like the database and everything too?
Yeah.
Yeah, so he did show like the database itself, but he did not know what exactly is in that database.
Oh my god. Okay.
At one time, he's like, yeah, let me show you the messages, and then he opened like the solution screen, solution database, and it's like it's showing something else. Then he opened user database, then he's like, okay, this is the messages database, then he opened the messages database.
Oh my god.
Okay, yeah, that was Shalini today on the call with Fanbar. So, you know, I don't know. I'm like, I don't get it because, like, for me, it was always like, if you have to present and you're a nervous person, just rehearse it and at least have a scripture reading off of it, especially if you're not on camera.
Yeah.
You know, but sometimes people just make this call and they're like, yep, I'm going to basically like today, like even Ambar was getting really frustrated with Shalini because she's like reading verbatim the slides at mock 10. And he's asking her a question and she's just silent. And like he has to go, Shalini, is your bank working? And I'm like,
He.
Yeah, I mean, that's just a, you know, organizational intelligence, we'll call it. And you can't just sit there like, you have to at least say, you know, sorry, let me think on that and get back to you. At a bare minimum, you can't just not say anything for two minutes.
Yeah.
Let's circle back on this thing, or I will confirm from that email, like you something, anything is fine, at least it don't be silent there. It's fine, like she did call me like before the call, I think it was around 5:00 or...
Yeah, thank you.
Yeah.
430 or 5 around night time. So she asked for an overview of like calendar transcript and all of those things. So I did give her it that so I don't make mistake work on that side. But yeah, from my point of view, I was pretty clear that yeah, that much should be okay.
Or even if like Claude is doing the analysis properly, and if you are reading it first and then someone comes in and gives like an overview, you should be at least able to draw some pictures, right? What exactly is happening? But for this, I am like...
And.
Okay, we did it a while back.
It's fine at this point in time, yeah, yep, yep, go ahead, yeah.
Well, I mean, I'll put it this way.
She, she's been assigned.
She's been assigned to the email app for five months and it's not done. Five months, since November.
Oh, good. Oh.
And so I said to her, I was like, you know, that needs done and you need to share that. And she's, I mean,
No, I shouldn't say this, but I'll be honest, she's getting put in performance improvement plan on Monday with me, because I've just had enough.
Mhm.
You know, there's just a complete, you know, like she was trying to, she sent me a message and this is the most frustrating thing. Someday I hope you don't have to ever have this served, but if you're ever in that place of a manager someday and you get a message from someone and they say, I don't have anything to work on, give me something to work on. And then you go to GitHub and you find that they've got.
more than 20 open issues.
that have been pending for months, you know, that's what triggered it. I was like, I'm done with this. You know, you're supposed to be a lead, you're not a lead. I'm gonna make Pahlavi lead for web devs and demote that. I'm gonna have to. That's the only thing that's correct and proper. And I'm gonna, you know, let you know why.
Yeah.
Mm.
It's unfortunate, but at the end of the day, you know, you're the master of your fate, and you are the one, a director level person should not have to remind you to complete issues you're assigned on GitHub.
At the lead level, that's crazy.
Yep.
Okay.
You know, I'm so with her, I'm glad she at least asked, but she also was assigned this, just so you know, last Thursday and the meeting she had to postpone until today.
In.
You.
So she was supposed to present this on Wednesday. And then yesterday she said, I'm having some emergency. Can I, you know, not not do the meeting? And I was like, well, if you're having an emergency that's preventing you from doing work, you need to put in some time off request. I mean, if it's once in every so often, I'm not going to bat an eye, but you do this, you know, once every week.
where you can't attend a meeting for one reason or another. So, you know, here on Forward, you know, you're going to have to understand that this is your job is to work from hour A to hour B, just like mine is. And every here and there, if you need a doctor's visit, or even think of, think about you, Saurav. Like, I don't, Bhatt and I, if you say, like, Colin, I have to drop or I'm having some issue.
T.
Yeah.
But it would be different if every meeting that we had scheduled, you said, I'm not available at that time during the workday.
Mhm.
Yep, okay.
That's so anyway, we'll see. But moral of the story is good people are tough to find and you know, that's the hardest part of the job sometimes is making sure the right people are all together at the same time.
Yeah.
Yep, thanks. Yeah, that's I will say for ending the call, yeah.
Alright.
Well, good stuff. Yep, I'm going to get this together. I'll share it with you, and then I'll get that message to Cisco. And then just message me if anything is needed.
Okay.
Yep, sure.
Yeah, fine, and I'm like also working on that CI, the repo which Rui is working. I saw like the implementation of it and I'm like, damn, I will change everything. But then I'm like, if I change everything.
Right.
Uh, they won't, they might take it like personally and seriously speaking.
It.
Well, on that one, if you want, you can put together just a, even just a doc on that, and we can talk about it internal first, and then figure out how to frame it. Because I don't think it's a bad thing. I mean, like, I think Ruiz, you know, they want him to be that because he's active, but I used to have people like that at Coherent too.
Yep, yep.
Neha.
Like really passionate people, really excited, but the work is just junk. There was a guy, he was actually a senior product manager, you know, that really high level guy that like taught himself how to do rag chatbots specifically. And he just couldn't grasp the concept of...
Mm.
Yep.
Mhm.
POC versus production.
He would email me probably once every two days. Good guy, but just really ignorant. Once every two days he'd email me saying, hey, I've spent my personal time on this application for our website.
And I said, dude, I am not going to stick your, you know, and it was, what's that? What's that thing? Gradio. I was like, I'm not going to stick a link to Gradio on a multi-billion dollar company's website. It's not happening.
See.
Okay.
The.
And then he was like, oh, well, I'll talk to IT. And I was like, you do that, man. You do that. Like, you know, like, I'm happy to help you, but I'm not going to be, you know, in this space of, you know, just because you feel like you did work, it doesn't mean that it was the right direction. And certainly can be corrected, but you can't act like just because it's running, it's correct.
Ohh.
Yeah.
Oh.
It.
No.
Yeah, yeah.
So it's not a bad thing, but I would just, if you have notes like that, we can put them together, talk about them, and then we can figure out what we do want or do not want to frame test or any pass.
Yes.
Yeah, sure, I will go back.
All right, good. Yeah, we can talk in a little bit. I'm going to get this done and then share it over with you. But just reach out if you need anything.
B.
Yep, sure. See you again, Colin. Yeah, bye.
Big.
Soon, bye-bye.